the benfica left-leaning corps
the plebiscite since Tuesday toritama protesting with
in politics this is so
the team had saved
to cheer because the cameras
So she's holding a hostage in a ditch.
thiago pereira came back to him
in the conventional system
which is the raulzinho at the tip a bar a bubble
I can change the system it provides
Hospital, I'm going to explain to everyone who's here at the
doctor
and here you can fish
with the natural ration '
that food because school is constantly
and also
with artificial ration
attending the request then the injured
when you started testing a current training if you did not get us
we can go wrong
after a patrol
then adopted in a hand and in the tip part of today a buoy the day counted number
a line advantage 0 30
the smallest generator you find
and when you put your son to fish, we'll spend in your
fishing preference
the fishing festivals
I repeat I have companions or and continued the neighbor's show
gave a show that is little for the fish-loos have no purpose to center
in his body
It's easier to take off, it does not hurt so much, huh?
We already took in the barradão
so let's go to the assembly process
we can go back to work
neymar then has several ways you can ride showed a way
very simple
he's got a line that my arm up to 35 I'll cut a little bit and
will cover the 2000 before the buoy you can use a generator after the float
I also tested one at the other end of the spinner because the
spinner spinner because spinning and twisting line
generators and preferably before the
twist line
then at one end
we have a group in the other
we do not think much, I always advise that the mother
in the beginning I walk thinner now you work on the site
he grabs and twists
let's show the line
will twist the senator at the moment
How many times do I do this?
falling and injury
now a very simple air
but if I put it in the little hole outside
Pull it out quickly.
ivan ramalho looks interesting not
now full
cultivate cane
the sc newbie is good
it was here on the good and clear winner I felt right here inside
will hold account and cheer
the councilman the city
Three four five rounds
he simply
finally that point
the government assures the tip looks that interesting as the own remembered
it's like looking at saw now
is perfect and paranaense
I learned one more
it's ready then no what do I put the generator one
piece of line and now I'm going to use the pzero line 30 at the end
not too big not to get hurt
The question is, is it okay?
I think the point I make will help the nation.
Let's go or without a hook
the italian but the guy
and now the grandfather
1- set the hole hit hole promised tricolor backed into the hole
braga plays the search here close by his acts
and already notice
gravel zone
in less than five years
and you have to feel more the children can become alone
justice
somehow
Look, I did somehow he did.
of course yes
but still missing a hit right now at the tip that reversed in favor of Brazil
souza will lose because with that black ball by 1 to 0 on Tuesday
tana also later this Saturday 6
the line will have a good presentation as a coach
I will win
I did not stay
okay
now the dollar a little looser to log
I will be present at the event
have to take care of him
our cutting edge team
so what?
the tucano children
according to line circuit with cars and access when by the pair
if you do not get hurt
it was in this account myself and most other bric markets
For his part Eduardo will receive the seal
generates four laps
brown showed high
were over year ago
so far
do the blatter tip
Already willians ortigoza 11
according to the police
tightens well
so here it is already this aspect system that I prepared
Obviously, I stop preparing for
cowboy will start here generator
malia
the good he threw the bottom strong squid down only
a little trick
five years or
the damage will put the natural action
if you want to think with the artificial heart
just put a tour around the country
this is it then this was an eduardo dictatorship and the mental plush nightmare
we take the fish now
let's go inside